doc: add Buffer#subarray() and add note about Uint8Array#slice() (#28101)
nodejs/node: doc/api/buffer.md

// Throws ERR_OUT_OF_RANGE.
```

> ### buf.subarray([start[, end]])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### buf.subarray([start[, end]])
<!-- YAML
added: v3.0.0
-->
```

I’d also maybe add a link to the MDN documentation.

```js
const buf = Buffer.from('buffer');

console.log(buf.subarray(-6, -1).toString());
// Prints: buffe
// (Equivalent to buf.subarray(0, 5).)

console.log(buf.subarray(-6, -2).toString());
// Prints: buff
// (Equivalent to buf.subarray(0, 4).)

console.log(buf.subarray(-5, -2).toString());
// Prints: uff
// (Equivalent to buf.subarray(1, 4).)
```

### buf.slice([start[, end]])
<!-- YAML
added: v0.3.0
changes:
  - version: v7.1.0, v6.9.2
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/9341
    description: Coercing the offsets to integers now handles values outside
                 the 32-bit integer range properly.
  - version: v7.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/9101
    description: All offsets are now coerced to integers before doing any
                 calculations with them.
-->

* `start` {integer} Where the new `Buffer` will start. **Default:** `0`.
* `end` {integer} Where the new `Buffer` will end (not inclusive).
  **Default:** [`buf.length`][].
* Returns: {Buffer}

Returns a new `Buffer` that references the same memory as the original, but
offset and cropped by the `start` and `end` indices.

This is the same behavior as `buf.subarray()`.

> Note that this method is not compatible with the `Uint8Array#slice()`, which is a superclass of `Buffer`. If a copy of slice is needed, use `Uint8Array.prototype.slice` directly.

Reviewer: Can you wrap lines at 80 characters (I think `make lint` should complain otherwise), and avoid the `#` notation, as I believe we do not use it elsewhere in the documentation either?

```suggestion
Note that this method is not compatible with the `Uint8Array.prototype.slice()`,
which is a superclass of `Buffer`. If a copy of the slice is needed, use
`Uint8Array.prototype.slice` directly.
```

Author: Thanks for telling me with `make lint` 😄

This is the same behavior as `buf.subarray()`.

> Note that this method is not compatible with the `Uint8Array.prototype.slice()`,

Reviewer 2: Feel free to ignore, but if you agree that it improves the text, here's my suggestion:

```suggestion
This method is not compatible with the `Uint8Array.prototype.slice()`,
```

Author: Thanks!

> which is a superclass of `Buffer`. If a copy of the slice is needed, use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which is a superclass of `Buffer`. To copy the slice, use
```

> `Uint8Array.prototype.slice` directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Uint8Array.prototype.slice`.
```
